One of the most common use cases of data remapping is filtering out
Personally Identifiable Information or PII from input data streams.
Let's take a look at an example.
Here we have a signup action,
we have an e-mail, phone and address.
This may be sensitive data so let's strike it out.
So here we've removed this sensitive data.
Then, we emit an event with all the nonsensitive data.
Here we have an action and a user ID but we removed phone,
email and other information that's private to the user.
For example, if we're working in
an e-commerce company we may put this user sign-up data into a topic.
But it's likely that there's only a few privilege applications that actually need to
see that kind of information such as e-mail and phone and so on and so forth.
For most applications at our company,
this will probably be enough information.
So we'll filter it out.
Let's pretend that same company that we built an application
which relies on a purchase stream that we built a few years ago.
While this application worked great for a few years,
we've now determined that we need to reimagine the data model.
So items is a list of laptop instead of just an item with a single instance.
Unfortunately, we don't have time to update to application that uses this old data model.
So to handle this scenario we could update
the application to have a stream processor in front of it that
actually just remaps the field item to
items so that our old application can keep working without being updated.